Vibes' Guide-Awesome D3 Resources.md, before:

# Vibes' Guide - Awesome D3 Resources

 
### Learning about HTML, CSS, SVG, JS


### Tutorials to learn D3
* Books
* Websites
* Videos
* Online Courses

### Visualization Examples


### Inspirational Projects/ Blogs


### References for coding
- http://jsbin.com/?html,output
- https://github.com/d3/d3/releases
- https://github.com/d3/d3/wiki


### Learning about design
- https://www.fastcodesign.com/1672917/the-8-steps-to-creating-a-great-storyboard

**Summary of Install Resources**

* Start from SVG to Bar Chart: [D3 for Mere Mortals][9]
* Mike Bostock's famous [Three Little Circles][10] tutorial.
* Create a Bar Chart [Part I][11] & [Part II][12]
* Cristophe Viau's [Tutorial] [13]

* Dynamic Graphics: [D3][3]
* Text Editor: [SublimeText][4]
* Installation Helper: [Install Homebrew][5]
* JavaScript Package Manager: [Node & NPM with Homebrew][6]
* Local Server: [http-server with NPM][7]

<!--Setup Tutorials-->
[align1]: http://alignedleft.com/tutorials/d3/fundamentals
[align2]: http://alignedleft.com/tutorials/d3/setup
<!--Official D3 Resources-->
[8]: https://www.dashingd3js.com/d3js-first-steps
<!--Basic D3 Tutorials-->
[9]: http://www.recursion.org/d3-for-mere-mortals/
[10]: https://bost.ocks.org/mike/circles/
[11]: https://bost.ocks.org/mike/bar/
[12]: https://bost.ocks.org/mike/bar/2/
[13]: http://christopheviau.com/d3_tutorial/

Commit message:

Added resources for Curran Kelleher's video lecture

Vibes' Guide-Awesome D3 Resources.md, after:

# Vibes' Guide - Awesome D3 Resources

 
### Learning about HTML, CSS, SVG, JS



### Tutorials to learn D3
* Books
* Websites
* Videos
	- Curran Kelleher's [Youtube Video] [v1] with [Example Slides][v2]. Also on [Github][v3]. (1.5 hours)

	- D3Vienno [Tutorials][v4] on Youtube (20 short videos) 

* Online Courses
	- Udacity D3 Course

### Visualization Examples


### Inspirational Projects/ Blogs


### References for coding
- http://jsbin.com/?html,output
- https://github.com/d3/d3/releases
- https://github.com/d3/d3/wiki


### Learning about design
- https://www.fastcodesign.com/1672917/the-8-steps-to-creating-a-great-storyboard

**Summary of Install Resources**

* Start from SVG to Bar Chart: [D3 for Mere Mortals][9]
* Mike Bostock's famous [Three Little Circles][10] tutorial.
* Create a Bar Chart [Part I][11] & [Part II][12]
* Cristophe Viau's [Tutorial] [13]

* Dynamic Graphics: [D3][3]
* Text Editor: [SublimeText][4]
* Installation Helper: [Install Homebrew][5]
* JavaScript Package Manager: [Node & NPM with Homebrew][6]
* Local Server: [http-server with NPM][7]

<!--Setup Tutorials-->
[v1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8jvoTV54nXw
[v2]: http://curran.github.io/screencasts/introToD3/examples/viewer/#/
[v3]: https://github.com/curran/screencasts/tree/gh-pages/introToD3
[v4]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5NcCoa9dDU&list=PL6il2r9i3BqH9PmbOf5wA5E1wOG3FT22p


[d1]: https://www.fastcodesign.com/1672917/the-8-steps-to-creating-a-great-storyboard

<!--Setup Tutorials-->
[align1]: http://alignedleft.com/tutorials/d3/fundamentals
[align2]: http://alignedleft.com/tutorials/d3/setup
<!--Official D3 Resources-->
[8]: https://www.dashingd3js.com/d3js-first-steps
<!--Basic D3 Tutorials-->
[9]: http://www.recursion.org/d3-for-mere-mortals/
[10]: https://bost.ocks.org/mike/circles/
[11]: https://bost.ocks.org/mike/bar/
[12]: https://bost.ocks.org/mike/bar/2/
[13]: http://christopheviau.com/d3_tutorial/
